NAME:
   lncli - control plane for your Lightning Network Daemon (lnd)

USAGE:
   lncli [global options] command [command options] [arguments...]
   
VERSION:
   0.12.0-beta.rc6 commit=v0.12.0-beta.rc6-1-g3ad6ff10
   
COMMANDS:
     getinfo          Returns basic information related to the active daemon.
     getrecoveryinfo  Display information about an ongoing recovery attempt.
     debuglevel       Set the debug level.
     stop             Stop and shutdown the daemon.
     version          Display lncli and lnd version info.
     help, h          Shows a list of commands or help for one command

   Autopilot:
     autopilot  Interact with a running autopilot.

   Channels:
     openchannel        Open a channel to a node or an existing peer.
     closechannel       Close an existing channel.
     closeallchannels   Close all existing channels.
     abandonchannel     Abandons an existing channel.
     channelbalance     Returns the sum of the total available channel balance across all open channels.
     pendingchannels    Display information pertaining to pending channels.
     listchannels       List all open channels.
     closedchannels     List all closed channels.
     getnetworkinfo     Get statistical information about the current state of the network.
     feereport          Display the current fee policies of all active channels.
     updatechanpolicy   Update the channel policy for all channels, or a single channel.
     exportchanbackup   Obtain a static channel back up for a selected channels, or all known channels
     verifychanbackup   Verify an existing channel backup
     restorechanbackup  Restore an existing single or multi-channel static channel backup

   Graph:
     describegraph   Describe the network graph.
     getnodemetrics  Get node metrics.
     getchaninfo     Get the state of a channel.
     getnodeinfo     Get information on a specific node.

   Invoices:
     addinvoice      Add a new invoice.
     lookupinvoice   Lookup an existing invoice by its payment hash.
     listinvoices    List all invoices currently stored within the database. Any active debug invoices are ignored.
     decodepayreq    Decode a payment request.
     cancelinvoice   Cancels a (hold) invoice
     addholdinvoice  Add a new hold invoice.
     settleinvoice   Reveal a preimage and use it to settle the corresponding invoice.

   Macaroons:
     bakemacaroon      Bakes a new macaroon with the provided list of permissions and restrictions.
     listmacaroonids   List all macaroons root key IDs in use.
     deletemacaroonid  Delete a specific macaroon ID.
     listpermissions   Lists all RPC method URIs and the macaroon permissions they require to be invoked.
     printmacaroon     Print the content of a macaroon in a human readable format.

   On-chain:
     estimatefee    Get fee estimates for sending bitcoin on-chain to multiple addresses.
     sendmany       Send bitcoin on-chain to multiple addresses.
     sendcoins      Send bitcoin on-chain to an address.
     listunspent    List utxos available for spending.
     listchaintxns  List transactions from the wallet.

   Payments:
     sendpayment    Send a payment over lightning.
     payinvoice     Pay an invoice over lightning.
     sendtoroute    Send a payment over a predefined route.
     listpayments   List all outgoing payments.
     queryroutes    Query a route to a destination.
     fwdinghistory  Query the history of all forwarded HTLCs.
     trackpayment   Track progress of an existing payment.
     querymc        Query the internal mission control state.
     queryprob      Estimate a success probability.
     resetmc        Reset internal mission control state.
     buildroute     Build a route from a list of hop pubkeys.

   Peers:
     connect     Connect to a remote lnd peer.
     disconnect  Disconnect a remote lnd peer identified by public key.
     listpeers   List all active, currently connected peers.

   Profiles:
     profile  Create and manage lncli profiles

   Startup:
     create          Initialize a wallet when starting lnd for the first time.
     unlock          Unlock an encrypted wallet at startup.
     changepassword  Change an encrypted wallet's password at startup.

   Wallet:
     newaddress     Generates a new address.
     walletbalance  Compute and display the wallet's current balance.
     signmessage    Sign a message with the node's private key.
     verifymessage  Verify a message signed with the signature.
     wallet         Interact with the wallet.

   Watchtower:
     tower     Interact with the watchtower.
     wtclient  Interact with the watchtower client.

GLOBAL OPTIONS:
   --rpcserver value          The host:port of LN daemon. (default: "localhost:10009")
   --lnddir value             The path to lnd's base directory. (default: "/Users/moto/Library/Application Support/Lnd")
   --tlscertpath value        The path to lnd's TLS certificate. (default: "/Users/moto/Library/Application Support/Lnd/tls.cert")
   --chain value, -c value    The chain lnd is running on, e.g. bitcoin. (default: "bitcoin")
   --network value, -n value  The network lnd is running on, e.g. mainnet, testnet, etc. (default: "mainnet")
   --no-macaroons             Disable macaroon authentication.
   --macaroonpath value       The path to macaroon file.
   --macaroontimeout value    Anti-replay macaroon validity time in seconds. (default: 60)
   --macaroonip value         If set, lock macaroon to specific IP address.
   --profile value, -p value  Instead of reading settings from command line parameters or using the default profile, use a specific profile. If a default profile is set, this flag can be set to an empty string to disable reading values from the profiles file.
   --macfromjar value         Use this macaroon from the profile's macaroon jar instead of the default one. Can only be used if profiles are defined.
   --help, -h                 show help
   --version, -v              print the version
   
